chore(docs): fee payment information in protocol overview (#408)
omni-network/omni: docs/site/docs/protocol/overview.md

## Fee Model

> Omni fees start with a basic, Solidity-based fee payment interface and an uncomplicated pricing mechanism, with room for future enhancements. The network only supports \$ETH for fee payments presently, and will maintain this support during its existence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omni fees start with a basic, Solidity-based fee payment interface and an uncomplicated pricing mechanism, with room for future enhancements. The network only supports \$ETH for fee payments presently. In the future, developers will also be able to pay with \$OMNI and potentially other tokens if they desire, but $ETH will always be supported.
```
